# 512-byte-club
A tilde~like club with no status updates with very plain pages for hosting contact info such as website, email, or other content

The point of this project isn't a replacement for larger clubs such as the https://10kbclub.com/, https://250kb.club/ nor 512KB or 1MB club, but rather to explore the purpose of ultra-light directories, similar to the Yellow Pages, but for the web. There are surely many sites where one can host more content, and surely this page/site could be complementary to that. But also, there could be new hardware that may allow the cost of hosting such a directory relatively inexpensive. One may want to host important contact info, but not need to purchase large server hardware. Even a Raspberry Pi may be more than enough for a basic server. Thus, the use of microcontrollers as servers could be an avenue worth exploring. This page does not make distinction as to the content of the server, although a directory-like listing is one idea. See http://buoy.hopto.org/ for another example.

Other reasons for using 512 bytes have to do with packet sizes. I am exploring whether there is any advantage to limiting pages to packet sizes- in pwoer constrained memory controllers. For example, a microcontroller such as the Ambiq Micro Apollo3 does not use much power for the MCU, but bluetooth radios can use more data. To transmit over MQTT: https://www.bevywise.com/blog/understanding-mqtt-protocol-packet-format

"MQTT Packet Sizes
The fixed header field consists of the control field, and the variable header contains the packet length field. The minimum size of a packet length field is 1 byte, which is for messages less than 127 bytes.

The maximum packet size is 256 MB. The minimum packet size is only 2 bytes with a single control field and a single packet length field. Smaller packets less than 127 bytes have a 1-byte packet length field. The Packets greater than 127 and less than 16383 use 2 bytes, and so on. 7-bits are used with the 8th bit is the continuation bit." 

Would there be any benefit to dividing an SMS-sized message into 1 or 2byte packets? What kind of useful info can be transmitted in less 10 bytes? A phone # number for example. Although it would not be very descriptive. a 16 byte message could be long enough for the receiver (if they know the sender) to call them. "555-555-5555call" is exactly 16 bytes, an extraordinarily informative message with an option to use alternative communication devices. Similarly, a URL shortener could achieve similar conciseness.

Thus the value in packet data transmission is less its size inasomuch its ability to conserve power, and could utilize battery-free microcontrollers which use very infrequent radio transmissions, enabling use of capacitors, as in this video: https://youtu.be/LDzxifG7VeA?t=636 A personal website may be simple enough to host an access point in a wireless network such as a apartment building. However for more frequent access, a microcontroller hosting a server for multiple concurrent connections such as https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yaws_(web_server) (in the above 4000+ range would be untenable, even for 16 byte packet access, unless the server is able to transmit at 5Ghz speeds (not likely for a microcontroller). But there is utility in hosting tiny packet sizes, to allow hundreds of concurrent connections even on a microcontroller, which is typically used for a handful of bi-directional queues in very constrained and remote locations, such as oil pipelines.    
